TODO list for thesis:

Write introduction
 Give an introduction to the general area of study (so probably combinatorial
 optimization, sums of squares, semidefinite programming, more?). 
 Give outline of the rest of the introduction - relevant math, then each paper
 Short overview of the relevant mathematics, open problems, applications.
 For each paper, describe its motivation (what problems it addresses and why
 we care, possibly applications as well). Give reasonably precise statements
 of the results proved, and overviews of the methods used.
 Give a warning about notation differing between chapters.

 Introduction outline: the thesis contains sums of squares and combinatorial
 optimization, with a helping of symmetry and real algebraic geometry. 
 For the general introduction section, discuss the general paradigm of 
 solving an instance of an optimization problem by replacing the nonnegative
 condition by a sum of squares condition. Can cite Pablo, Lasserre, etc. 
 Much of this section can be taken from the introductions of the Ki Cover, 
 Cube, etc papers, and by looking over existing papers in this area.

 Is there a place for symmetry stuff in the general introduction? Can give
 an overview of convex averaging and using representation theory. Cite Frank.

 Then go through each paper included in the thesis and give a quick outline.
 It seems like a good place to start for these would be the introductions
 of the papers themselves. 

 For the Ki Cover paper, want to define the ki Cover problem, cite Conforti
 and give the problems that were unsolved there, also give applications and
 say that it's a generalization of stable set. Can we find a nice application
 that's not just stable set? Then give our theorems, that certain facets are 
 i/2-sos. Then describe the Tuza and Cut applications and our results there.

 For the monty, cube, and mohit papers, wait to import them or write their
 introduction sections until they get close to finished.

Import Bootstrap Percolation paper (Although, it might be better to leave
this out since everything else fits into a nice theme.)
 -> Make sure images work
 -> Make sure bibliography works

Citations - figure out why \cite{kicover} doesn't work in the chapter title
